everybody welcome back to know the line
please binding mascara the plus we've
lost I thought we lost last run it was
in greedier maybe that doesn't count for
some reason but why wouldn't it that
doesn't make sense anyway
mega Satan's pretty much all around
negative negative hush delirium negative
hush delirium that's probably like I
mean obviously as Lilith we've got a lot
to take care of his evening we actually
have a lot to take care of as well yeah
okay we can do cathedral negative hush
delirium lots of different options with
Lilith here now I'm no biggie goo fan of
Lilith overall here Toth gqw for and and
that's well known I don't need to
retread that old grab but I'm trying to
learn genuinely I got my thinking cap on
and I'm trying this was absolutely not
all big rooms are created equal actually
you know what I was gonna say this
wasn't worth using our box of friends
but now that I see that it's a little
bit more dense it might well be I'm
trying to learn you know to maintain to
be bad at something is okay to maintain
willful ignorance is a little bit less
okay I suppose so
we're gonna try to improve our overall
performance as Lilith you know by
whatever means necessary and usually
that's practice I didn't mean to make it
sound any more dramatic than that please
okay that's a bomb this is worth it if
we end up getting like a spirit heart
out of a tinted rock somewhat later but
for now kind of a a whiff on my part so
we're looking for awesome familiars a
little brim in this item room would be
like twenty out of ten another Incubus a
succubus I don't even know if succubus
is unlock unlimited bombs is pretty
great
sack of pennies it might get double done
box of friends and thus occasionally
payout with twice as much but like come
on it's a bit of a pipe dream to be
honest with you we're not gonna blow up
absolutely every rock or anything like
but we'll probably blow up every pot
that we find we'll probably use bombs
for combat not really applicable on this
room but and certainly against a lot of
these early game bosses you know if
we're in a kind of a questionable spot
on offensive capability having the
ability to shoot unlimited bombs of like
a hush or a champion Ragman or something
like that is a pretty big bonus
potentially hey big bonus come out and
spam a little bonus with me so I mean
like minecrafters is just not a good
item unfortunately we will still try to
make use of these cuz like a single
quarter is worth a ton minecrafter is
just basically garbage tier to be honest
not to be rude but to be honest it's
it's just no good unlimited bombs you
can use a once per room I guess but then
you gotta shoot the TNT and that's what
really makes it substantially less
usable than than anything else in that
same vein like I'd rather have mister
boom ten times out of ten mostly cuz it
also gives me an opportunity to go
mister boom boom boom boom I want you in
my room give me the car battery and we
will have the better mister there was
gonna be a double boom joke in there so
but I couldn't get the Vengaboys like
you to line up quite right dude now that
was a dodge and a half right there so
Cuba me acceptable not an amazing item I
know what you're saying well if you you
know give car battery or just like a sec
a second level cuba meet all of a sudden
you got a lot of potential you know you
can get a third level meat boy end or
bandage girl yeah but that's not like
that good I know you might be thinking
you go Necronomicon here but I kind of
disagree just take the guppy item with
like zero negative consequences
whatsoever I just we can take the
Necronomicon but it'll cost us three
spirit hearts
I'm gonna try this or we could not take
the Necronomicon and keep three spirit
arts which strikes me as a much grander
idea
so our HP is gonna be amazing we got
guppy potential out the wazoo sorry I've
been playing la noir so my diction has
changed a little bit I'm about as sharp
as a bag of wet mice but I got no idea
what our dps holds for us on this no
idea what our dps holds for us on this
run right now and neither do you unless
you've played through the seat already
in which case you're some kind of like
Isaac God I mean you were like ball most
borderline breaking the laws of
thermodynamics or something so that was
arguably worth it probably shouldn't
have taken so much dumb damage we're
still going to explore just a little bit
we do want to be out of here by like six
minutes and it's probably still gonna be
plausible but we also want to find
tinted rocks should they exist
dude you're too fast I don't like it we
could make do with a black market no
question that's decent chunk of change
there as well I really have been playing
la noir if I think five cents is a
decent chunk of change but in Isaac
terms it actually is okay so stop using
Cuba meat as recklessly you can still
use it just don't use it like an idiot
which is what you're doing right now
no tinted rocks on the whole floor it's
not like it made golden bombs useless
they were still excellent but kind of
hoping for a little bit extra right and
here I just don't like what we got yeah
I guess we can go for a reroll maybe
hope for like a 7 cent item dull razor
can be fun but not really for us shoot
for 2 of diamonds lucky 2 of diamonds
didn't get it
we got golden bombs so we really like
might as well car battery would be nice
there's no conceivable way for us to get
it goodbye a spirit heart but nobody
cares 7 cent battery I'll try that and
also try this it's an ace of clubs donor
down two down two down
see it's the ace of spades but instead
of being basis pains it's the ace of
clubs I do want to check this now I can
use some bombs we've only got six let me
get the five cents it also gave us a
luck upgrade turn those all into bombs
sure we spend a lot of keys to meet love
we spend our only key to make this
happen but this is still like a good
deal for us now we're at 16 bombs
probably as many as we'll need if we're
being honest for like almost the entire
run the more golden bombs the merrier I
would die would kill for some more of
those but this is shaping up okay the
real dream would be to get the guppy
transformation don't even need
essentially anything else after that
point if we can make that come to
fruition the Cuba meet is not to be
trifled with it's a genuine offensive
dynamo but we're still doing base damage
base damage not anything to write home
about unfortunately especially when
we're missing like fully half of our
shots this is what I get for trying to
take the easy way out though by going to
the the short path instead of going the
big room a bomb and a battery charge so
at present I would say that our our
battery is not that good but what it
allows us to do is on easy rooms we'd
never have to use the reroll and then on
hard rooms not real sorry the battery
charge and then on hard rooms we can use
a charge which gives us a nice benefit
while still having another charge left
over in case too hard rooms get stacked
back-to-back or if a room is like if we
think it's gonna be really really
difficult then we can use it twice but
that's more of like vas City I think so
for now I think we use it to mitigate
risk you know we might have eighty easy
rooms in a row and then two hard ones in
a row in which case we get to save up
all of our charges
we don't feel compelled to use them in
garbage situations then we pop them all
off as necessary so it's really just
like risk rollover right now I'm gonna
use this not yet but we're gonna get use
out of it no question
now the real question becomes what if we
get 12 easy rooms in a row well at that
point I think I'm gonna be a little less
worried about the fact that I'm maybe
inefficiently using my item and way more
worried about the fact that you know
what have I done to deserve getting 12
easy rooms in a row
you know the runs probably set at that
point so we never should have dodged
like that I got lucky to almost not get
hit it's a weird statement cuz we did
get hit in the end but you get the idea
so let's just go over once more what we
need we'll probably do a light side run
because we need it we could also do hush
we've already done boss rush mega Satan
would be nice as well but we took our
deal with the devil which renders mega
satan unlikely it's probably our secret
room at this point like why double there
well we got the battery oh that's really
bad
we got the battery charge but it's
hoping maybe we'll get two cents we did
it works two cents out of the the double
duh oh no that's fine two cents out of
the doubled sack of pennies unexpected
but I did that cited that as a potential
benefit an extremely niche potential
benefit do we need damage why because I
do okay
The Joker card so I mean that's a reroll
and a half kamikaze is also like
essentially horrible not even gonna use
it once don't trust it
yeah good enough anything that gives us
a step towards spun is positive I think
this is decent enough in its own right
we're looking for red chess cuz if we
can get more guppy items that would be a
positive thing for us you know what I'm
gonna I'm gonna be a little bit of a bad
boy so I was consider myself a bad boy
the Isaac community absolutely don't
even question it mothers hide your
daughters or as ac/dc says lock up your
daughters lock up your wives lock up
your back door and run for your life
this guy must be a very aggressive
suitor the man is back in town don't you
mess around coz he's TNT okay I'm losing
it here I can feel myself like my
enjoyment of this run is slipping away
and it's up to me it's not the game's
fault necessarily it's up to me to bring
it back the fact that we got Krampus his
head is bad lump of coal would have been
way better and I'm probably gonna deal
with the devil anyway so it's gonna feel
like a little bit of a waste of our of
our Joker car because it was a waste of
our Joker card it did get us out of the
we haven't seen the shop yet either okay
that's good
it did get us out of the mob trap room
but you know if we didn't want what was
in the mob trap room he should have just
not open the chest that would have
allowed us to save that Joker card okay
just drop some bombs in there like the
thing with Lilith and it might be
psychological psychological from on my
end here oh we got sake bostrom came in
conception disregard we probably just
won the run um I just don't get enough
damage output quickly enough sometimes
and it makes me ornery so I'm gonna keep
I'm gonna keep box of friends even
though red candle has some value if used
almost all of our bombs remember I said
we had all the ones we need for the
remainder of the game
I'll take mini mush okay I'll take a
Liberty Cap I think it's the juice is
worth the squeeze for the most part
remember we don't need to make it to
boss rush it'd be nice to make it to the
hush fight but we need to have a run
capable of making that work to begin
with
mostly worth it
highly not worth it okay pop justice
grab these bombs I want the key as well
no deal with the devil please so now
that the ten out of ten items are very
simple I mean obviously little brim is
huge eat regular brim mom's knife
extremely high value another succubus or
Incubus also grape but we can get BFF
that that does a lot for us right off
the bat belly button hold a second
trinket we could buy something take him
forever here but go back and get the key
this is good and candy and conception is
positive I should remember that we can
actually use that to play a blood bank
which is why I got the five cents on
this wait it would never mind I just
realized I got the five cents on the
second floor but the second floor was
actually an even though sorry an
odd-numbered floor because we were on an
Excel floor to begin with got it got it
got it got it good hmm
okay well worth it already
keep these other ones just one key
that's all we need
didn't get it I'm gonna pop both cuz
like I think it's it's the kind of room
where we can justify it we might get a
battery charge at some point anyway well
get some charges for finishing the room
and using two of these actually enables
a much more frequent third level meatboy
not that that's a game-winner as we saw
in our last greed mode run but still I
would I would kiss boss rush goodbye on
this one did you see that three coins
paid out from three sacks of pennies and
all three of them were luck upgrades you
can't coach that we also have an eternal
heart today I must have gotten that out
of one of the golden chests key please
now HP is not in a great spot we got
nine lives
don't sweat it too much yet but begin to
consider sweating it for the future here
it's probably a second secret room we
got to use our bombs to try to parlay
them into other resources anyway
particularly keys so be a great time to
beat the odds on a deal with the devil
[Music]
yeah okay you got me all right my
impatience led me to a situation in
which I'm saddled with the slightly less
likely win here or less likely pay out
on the deal with the devil at the very
least you got me all right I'm a human
being sometimes human beings you know
you wouldn't know this cuz your robots
but we make suboptimal decisions in the
name of convenience you ever heating up
like a TV dinner it's a perfect example
right there
so the Halos of a lovely item rate of
fires drastically improved no rate of
fire has mildly improved I just got
liberty cap immediately after getting
this Liberty Kant paid out weirdly I
should say we get a lot of money and you
know I'm gonna keep pressing here
because we're getting a little bit
closer to being on pace so
if you get on pace to make it to the
hush fight you're gonna want the money
we're also gonna want keys but sissy
longlegs is actually okay maybe even
better can you drop I am bad can you
drop a bombs or key pill please it's a
tough call here because I really want a
key and I think a key could be more
valuable in fact several keys would be
even more valuable than that obviously
but I also don't want to lose this
eternal heart but I think I think we
could justify continuing to sort of try
here I'm not gonna be able to make it
into that cursed room though and the
cursed room is very very valuable as
someone trying to pursue this guppy
dream so you know you get a key we buy a
spear at art we get to roll over half a
spear at art even after going to the
cursor because we don't take damage on
the way and due to our ability to fly
money's looking like real nice right now
luck please look look look look so I'm
not really a purveyor of fine plays like
this for the most part but I'm gonna sit
here and try to get the fire exploded
because a single spear at art kind of
bust the case wide open
got all these bombs it's like 10,000
spoons when all you need is a knife
Queen Alana said that bombs are key
please it's like wanting to play a board
game and the host pulls out life well
isn't it ironic don't you think
hang back key no key good lord well it's
a great run for a donation machine if we
get lucky enough to be able to donate a
decent chunk but we need a key to access
that donation machine in the first place
I am stunned did the whole floor no keys
exist excited use three on that one room
but come on even found both secret rooms
we're moving on boss rush not gonna
happen
implausible would be the way that I
would describe it that's an apt word for
the situation at least you know what we
should have checked this thing on the
last floor it's like immediately bombs
are key relax
paralysis well maybe I shouldn't have
cuz that's earned out to be trash oh
okay well we're gonna go left to start
with we don't care about boss rush at
all at all at all I mean that's not true
every time I say that I immediately I go
I just said that in a fit of passion
don't be mad at me baby you know I can't
quit you who loves you baby let's see it
I can say that because it's Kojak he's a
bald brother but we don't care about it
as much as we care about making it to
the hush fight
we also like really want to get a spirit
art ASAP preserve this deal with the
devil chance because this is a it's our
highly weighted floor for that you idiot
we also get a free item from the shop
immediately I forgot about that I walked
right into that guy dude
no no whatever
let's roll with safety scissors they
give me fun sometimes counters some
bosses total opportunity costs loss of
like three cents there I was looking for
luck upgrades ideally keep in mind there
is a luck downgrade there so if we get
the PhD that's free stats oh I'm I'm
losing my mind
your luck is not high enough to just be
running into enemies that's more along
lines of what I'm looking for right
there okay and I'll take this time
recalibrate yourself cuz you're playing
like garbage there's no real need for it
sure your damage is still pretty bad all
things considered your rate of fires
nothing to write home about but there's
no reason to die you know we still have
like good future potential here we got a
great familiar the succubus payout from
camión conception was 10 out of 10 when
you guys thought it was taking damage
cuz I'm bad I'm sorry I thought I was
talking to a group of intellectuals here
I was taking damage to proc came being
conception so I could get another
familiar that you wish you thought of
that excuse to get me out of that
situation where I took a bunch of damage
by playing like an idiot yeah exactly
should have picked up a red heart before
we got that dual heart there
I actually think I should have been hit
there
now we got 10 keys no bombs a one
gauntlet 10 keys few bombs then we're
gonna get a payout so let's try it easy
room but still no payout whoo but a two
of Hearts card which is actually the way
I'm playing and by the way I'm playing I
mean of course my brilliant came being
conception place you might be able to
use this I'm gonna actually just pop the
Stars give me vision uh charm of the
vampire it does great wonders for your
hairline in this game but apart from
that just gonna look at that as like a
saved key not a big benefit but
certainly not terrible we're gonna
basically slow roll this entire floor we
need to get to the shop if the shop has
greed in it I'm gonna be very unhappy
but it serves me right for opening those
golden chests that agreed I suppose how
ironic
wouldn't you say detective okay this is
where we want to be
I hate the wall masters
I'm sorry Ruka shouted woke you up
I know you need your beauty sleep 18 to
22 hours a day so I'm gonna apologize
that was not an adult reaction on my
part there I should have just moved but
because my damage is not great I find
myself wanting to use Cuba mediate is a
classic and L refrain isn't it
my damage isn't that good so I want to
use Cuba me to deal as much damage as
possible and as a result I end up taking
more damage or even like getting
teleported because I you know my
placement is bad Virgo is fine sometimes
and we do have greed so that's like
enormous leap annoying
we can't even donate to the donation
machine unless we go to the hush fight
now there is a curse room I think we
should try for it was it up here I
thought there was a cursor moment oh
there's one of these I see um we really
want any room that could give us a red
chest or a golden chest I guess but
mostly a red chest or I'll accept the
stone chest really any okay you know
what I've decided I'm not gonna be going
that way
that's the donation key you always throw
one of those in there for good luck okay
this guy no problem we Cuba meet him and
then we we only use one play on mom of
the spacebar item because we're gonna
get to use Cuba meat all the time anyway
unless it's gonna take forever so we're
hoping to beat the odds with our
relatively close to 1 in 5 chance of a
deal with the devil it's relatively
pessimistic I think we're gonna be it's
relatively optimistic to think we got a
shot I guess it's pessimistic the chance
itself to begin with
cuz my mom told me I could do anything I
put my mind to we add another familiar
to the collection fighting just a
regular old version of mom here the
double succubus is amazing we're taking
the polaroid and hoping against hope for
this completely undeserved a deal with
the devil
appreciate that the foot never comes
down makes my life pretty easy no deal
and again no deal deserved as we head
down to the next floor our stats are
still like pretty awful but we do have
an okay chance of making the hush fight
and even though our stats are bad you
probably don't want to do the hush fight
on you know this little HP for damage
rate of fires basically at this point
average probably we'd still do it cuz
we've got 99 cents so as unfortunate as
the situation might be the best chance
for us to make it through here might be
to actually punish ourselves a little
bit you know it's like it when you're
going through hell keep going you know
there's the reason it's called the easy
way in the hard way well the reason is
because one of the ways is easier than
the other one I guess implicitly that
doesn't necessarily mean that either way
is better I mean there's a hard way to
get to work that doesn't mean that you
know doing the crab walk for 12 miles is
the right way to do it is probably
better than just hop into your
reasonably priced american-made compact
sedan and drive but still
but both ways have their merits because
I mean like your rotator cuffs would
probably be real strong after that
crab-walk see all I'm saying is that
sometimes there's benefit in that in the
hard way
there's always benefit in the easy way
it's easier more comfortable but
sometimes if you go the hard way often
enough it turns the hard way into the
easy way you didn't think about that did
you Poindexter so we still have the
store credit as well so if we could ever
actually get into a shop on the hush
fight for example we could buy an item
for free we're hoping that there's a
reroll machine or you know actually I
think it's even a little too late for
restock unless we got it in one of our
item rooms which I don't even know if
it's in there maybe yes maybe no as is
right now that we shouldn't be too
worried about the hush fight because I'm
pretty sure that the universe is
conspiring and by that I mean I'm making
the kind of mistakes where we're
guaranteed to see as many Lilith runs as
as plausible because this one's looking
like it might have a pretty good chance
to make it to to make it to the the
chest but I don't love our chances right
now of making it to the the hush fight
that's certainly not worth it so what do
we need here well we're gonna we're
gonna get a taste of what we need
honestly because we're definitely going
to get a deal with the devil if we can
get a good item or two guppy items all
of a sudden the worlds are burrito the
worst outcome would be to get two great
items but still be too slow to somehow
make it to the hush fight but we can
still try to push it at that point this
is tough because like we certainly
it's still tough
we certainly want to preserve the deal
with the devil chants play this guy we
got the cash
give me a spirit heart and then give me
I don't even know more HP there's a play
with more HP actually clever play so
thanks for the not exploding bombs
although I guess we have safety scissors
anyway not very good
potentially pretty okay all right I see
where you're coming from look at you
I would give up on hush honestly your
damage is so busted
you make me laugh with your fight with
hush you'll never make the Blue Room
about your ambitions please just shush
and it was that a reference to the 2010
Vampire Weekend song given up the gun
yes it was what can I say I come by it
honestly is this its utero won this is
absurd the floor is too large the real
floor needs to be at least three times
smaller what
the floor is too long every single Villa
thrown by the way I blame myself
at least overtly in private I absolutely
blame the run but I blame myself for the
fact that we seemingly find ourselves in
this nightmarish situation like surely
there's something else I could have done
getting the deal with the devil on the
last floor perhaps coming in here
earlier realizing then we have tell
appeals grabbing two spirits hearts and
you know leveraging those to take us a
little further into the run while still
having spirit our protection see where
were you like five minutes ago when I'm
but I needed that advise itself we could
use the battery charge okay I'll use a
bomb trying to be a little too clever we
could still get a deal with the devil
we're just in unlikely territory now
sloppy play I'll admit sloppy play an
arts student we're still pretty tough to
kill and if we make it to the chest you
know for luck is awesome tella pills me
tell the pills me please saying the last
thing we can do here we can still make
hush if we get very lucky hematemesis
power pill we're gonna stick with power
pill even though you're probably gonna
be like dude hematemesis well we can
actually take him into Mises now but
what's the what's the hematemesis play
making a second secret room work well
or giving us a bunch of red hearts if
we're about to die which if I'm being
honest is probably like much more likely
to be the right outcome I'm mad at
myself but at the same time a man's got
to know his limitations like how was
that guy not dead
you know how he's not dead because we
have 4.08 damage on the freakin womb
dude okay life is a highway we got to
ride it all night long here we
squandered our deal with the devil
chances I believe that deep within this
run there's a guppy we've lost it I
believe that it existed at one point for
somebody else though dude okay that's
the Virgo I'm looking for Virgo plus
luck plus Cuba meat wins this run I
don't mean Lux Ted although that helps I
mean like getting lucky with Virgo procs
sounds like a public access show about
professional gambling getting lucky with
Virgo crux hey everybody rocks here to
show you my ironclad rule eTwinning
technique here's the thing you just put
money on every single number you can
lose it's been getting luck into the
Virgo proc see you next week just algae
so algae's I want to use it to open this
chest because I'm an idiot instead we're
gonna hold it because I have smarter
people watching me that'll call me an
idiot it's much better I mean there's a
about a 1% chance we can make it into
the hush fight if we absolutely chose
the right directions like every single
time here which we didn't and now that
dream is probably gone mighty shout and
NL stop using oh I think we got a second
Incubus with Kane being conception lucky
us I'm saying NL stop using Cuba meat
you don't understand Cuba meat is the
it's the Alpha and the Omega there's no
game for us without Cuba me cuz our
damage is like Cain starting damage
so we have to use Cuba meat that's
actually a huge improvement we still
have to use Cuba meat but less so now
this is a good upgrade not too little
too late
close to it though
really our HP is is holding us in here
please sir by the way double Incubus
also just makes it a lot easier to hit
enemies it's lucky for me money is out
of control can't make it in there unless
no that's a bad idea I wouldn't suggest
willfully almost murdering yourself to
make this dream come true I'm a little
upset that you spawned two enemies out
of this portal in what felt like one
earth split second we're gonna make this
domani dude
and also Lebowski like save your money
we have a deal with the devil chance not
that that matters but well if you got
Megamall we might be able to open the
hush door at least we could donate a
bunch but we still have a win it's just
a it's a grinding win we're going out oh
my lord
so algae's the the best play with
algae's right now is you just hold on to
it until you need it and that sounds
obvious but the last possible second to
use algae's is usually the best possible
second to use algae's so you're like
45-degree angled brimstone man so best
play against you and my opinion is just
making sure you never get a chance to
shoot I'll go out on a limb and say that
it's hard to imagine us losing if we're
able to make it to the the chest with
for luck would be expecting lots of
extra items there's not enough mediocre
items in the game under normal
circumstances to lead to a situation in
which we're not doing like half decently
and I'm it might throw an HP away yeah
you know why we got red hearts it's not
a good strat I'll level with you there
but it's gonna probably work completely
fine
and it allows me to use Cuba me to
actually damage enemies so you know I'm
not getting geeked out by five point six
damage at this point in my career I
don't even get out of bed for less than
double digit damage especially with an
eight rate of fire you got it you know
you got to WoW me in the negotiating
room with an isaac run the cuba meets a
nice little perk here so i'm gonna use
that as much as i can but you're not
gonna get me to play like a Boy Scout on
this run thank you this is very helpful
actually that's enough we don't need any
more than that so we should just use
power pills kind of like an aggressive
algae's should play this guy cuz even
more HP is still good for us even though
it's a the most boring of all potential
upgrades he's not necessarily fated to
give us HP he's just most likely to give
us HP as compared to anything else
little chest what's in the box my new
what's in the box
that was pretty stupid I don't feel very
smart about that but we're kind of like
I mean the run does get harder like the
cathedral is not the hardest of all
floors the chest is obviously more
difficult but we're kind of past the
point where I expected to get to much
more difficult so I don't mind losing a
spirit heart to gain some invincibility
there make it through the second phase
without even breaking a sweat
and again we can okay that suck we could
pop algae's but I think that would
actually be like a pretty major mistake
like Sheryl Crow's favorite mistake I
would actually be like her second
favorite mistake which is way worse she
didn't write a song called my second
favorite mistake she had other hits
after that like soak up the Sun and you
know she has more what's up
she's got soak up the Sun my favorite
mistake and Sheryl Crow songs what else
does she owe if it makes you happy all I
want to do is have some fun I got a
feeling I'm not the only one absolutely
every day is a winding road that's true
okay she's good she's got a few songs I
forgot about that sorry Cheryl I didn't
mean to suggest that you only had the
few bangers there so I'm actually pretty
pleased with getting the miter and the
wafer here
I'm okay with Sheryl Crow I'm not a I'm
not a crow head but there's a couple of
Sheryl Crow songs I wouldn't turn off
they came on the radio some of them I'm
did you know soak up the Sun I think is
actually a bad song this is just too
it's too easy listening you know it's so
easy listening you forget your is so
easy to listen you forget you're even
listening to anything wasn't such a I
always feel weird about saying this cuz
I know that maybe not on this video but
somewhere I'm planet Earth there's
people out there that are like soak up
the Sun is my song like that's the song
that pulled me out of a dark time in my
life or at least gave me that gave me
the motivation to pull myself out of a
dark time in my life but mmm gonna soak
up the Sun I've got my 40 it's literally
like enjoy life but maybe I'm being
overly overly pretentious every day is a
winding road that's got a little it's
got a little rock to it I mean there's
no Mission of Burma it's no replacements
but it's got it's got something so
you're gonna say qui I can respect that
okay we're not respawning so stop taking
damage getting a lot of bombs here
that's a I mean it's a potential
positive but not really I got very lucky
to regenerate a little there so I think
we're actually closer to death that I'm
giving it credit for right now probably
because I can't resist using the meat
cube oh there we go Capricorn an actual
improvement I was gonna say let me guess
like a bunch of guppy items and a little
delirium he's delirious
even more statistical upgrades I'm not
mad I'm actually very happy that we're
now in a careful we're now in a
situation in which we have like some
stats although still don't want to be
too offensive not crushing it for the
stage of the game which rat try to snag
a second nine lives for humors sake
that was very bad it's just you I think
yeah there's our second nine lives you
might say look at how good safety
scissors is now you got thirty five
bombs yeah so what you know you give
Bill Gates million dollar gift
certificate to TGI Fridays that doesn't
mean it's worth anything to him it's a
little too little too late to be
particularly excited about getting
infinity bombs now I'm like the third
floor I would have been all over it as
of right now it's just like a little
unimpressed oh my lord thank God for the
wafer but also thank God for blood of
the vampires like charm of the vampire
two very different things please
who wins in a fight Sheryl Crow or Joan
Jett I think I got to go jet over crow
in this situation but if we're talking
about Lee and I get who's gonna be the
next I forgotten the word it would have
been way better who's the leader of the
bunch you know him well no who's the
leader of the Nights Watch
I don't remember I don't remember the
term I remember the name James West I
all remember the term warden of the
James West desperado please let me out
of this floor there's been like one
common thread in every single floor
we've had so far and that's just being
incapable of finding the exit without
seeing every single dead end on planet
Earth dude these stats upgrades thank
you they're really just like tears
upgrades because we've already gotten a
damage multiplier but still
desperado Rough Rider you don't want
nada
none of this gun in this brother run in
this Buffalo Soldier
I don't know if you wanna if you want to
mash up wild wild west and desperado you
got to go a little you got to put in
some legwork there as an Austin job will
Lehrer size it Austin can can sing the
parts
okay thank you oh my god we're gonna
make it just a little bit more I'm
begging you I'm begging you a couple
more rooms Oh do it let's go okay pop it
pop it algae's I'm never taking like
more pleasure in finishing a run drop
some bombs in there we can pickle that
etc.etc
put a bird on that
why is my algae's it's just a default
algae's I'm just so used to not having
amazing things happen to me right now
that I'm like they're being very nice it
actually turned out pretty well young
I misread the postive note
I misread the post-it note the whole
time
[Music]
you see we needed to go the show to fill
out this note if you liked it click the
like button subscribe to see more in the
future
I'm gonna go not play Isaac for about 15
seconds until I start recording my next
video thanks for watching
bang